he might be lacking a console to call
his own these days but the spiky-haired
speedball Sonic the Hedgehog is still in
the running when it comes to his iconic
status in the gaming world long time no
see with Sonic Heroes Sega's
world-renowned blue mascot is making a
rapid return to the gamecube and this
time he'll also be making his ps2 and
Xbox debuts on a hero we sampled some
xbox preview code fresh from the Land of
the Rising Sun and discovered that this
time around sonic has brought his
buddies along for the ride
in a new gameplay feature for heroes
sonic now operates as part of a crew
you
you'll be able to choose between four
teams team sonic team dark team rose or
team Chaotix so taking team sonic as an
example you'll lead your trio
simultaneously through the games
traditionally rollercoaster like levels
switching between them when the
obstacles you're faced with demand the
use of a particular critters talents
this means you'll have the benefit of
Sonics lightning speed knuckles brutal
power and Tails flying abilities to get
you through to the goal
sega sonic team development studios are
hard at work providing each outfit with
their own unique moves and special
techniques and there'll also be a
separate story line for each squad swore
Sonic Heroes is due to land on japanese
consoles in december and in europe and
america early next year of course we'll
be racing to get a review to you at the
earliest opportunity